welcome to our Japanese ramen a super
cheap quick easy and tasty dish to make
cause five euro to feed four people so
fantastic takes 20 minutes to make and
it's a soupy noodle II brought the
delicious dish that is clean and fresh
and tasty enough let's get this noodle
arm
okay so first up we're gonna mix our veg
stock I've just got any regular veg
stock I've got two liters of warm water
I'm just gonna add my veg stocks that
mix it through with a fork now I'm just
gonna add my tamari I've got two
tablespoons of tamari tomorrow is just a
week free sylia sauce so use whatever
you have soy sauce or tamari so now I'm
just gonna add the honey I've got a
tablespoon of honey but use whatever
kind of liquid sweetener you have maple
syrup agave whatever you're into and it
goes
okay so juice the one lime now I'm just
gonna add our broth II stuck to a pan
and just here I'm gonna bring it to the
boil so now we're gonna prep our
mushroom we're using oyster mushrooms
super tasty real meaty fleshy moshe's
that just absorb flavor feel free to use
button mushrooms they're much more
available and cheaper they serve the
same function so you just want to tear
them up and rip them up so they're in
little bite-sized chunks so first step
I'm gonna have my tamari I've got three
tablespoons of tamari next up I'm gonna
add three tablespoons of water I'm gonna
add in a squirt of lime juice of a
full-line just squeeze it all in with
your hand and I've got a tablespoon of
honey I'm just adding in for sweetness
to offset that limey taste I'm gonna mix
it all together using a fork just to
whisk the honey or the liquid sweetener
true it okay so now we're gonna add our
sauce to the pan and cook our mushrooms
off so now we're going to add in the
mushrooms in for a nice warm bath
so you just want to make the mushrooms
just absorb that flavor and just let
them crisp up really nicely into this
high heat sometimes you're stuck is
bored we're just gonna cook our noodles
in the stock use whatever noodles you
want we're using whole wheat but you can
use Sudan black noodles ramen noodles
rice noodles whatever you have on
whatever you're into I'm using
whole-wheat nests here today really
simple I'm just gonna add them into our
stock now so now we're going to prep our
veg for the topping I've got four
scallions I've got one chili all the
heat of the chili is in the seeds so
we're going to remove the seeds from it
if you like it hot leave the seeds in it
so now we're just going to grate our
carrot I've got one carrot leningraders
and we're going to use it raw
okay so now we're ready to our noodles
are ready I'm just gonna yeah so I'm
just going to take out our noodles I'm
using deep bowls this dish works much
better depots
and I grab your ladling we're gonna get
a bit of broth it's a super nourishing
wholesome broth
ok so now it's time to top our dish I've
got some some of our shrooms just going
to pop some shrooms inside of each of
them when extra now add some beans rice
is gonna have nice crunch and freshness
now we've got a fresh veg I'm going to
start with a bit of carrot so now
there's the bit of green onion the
scallions in the go a little handful of
them sprinkle on top of our mound of
bean sprouts and finally we're going to
top a little bit of chili on top and
lastly we're going to garnish it with
whatever you like where I'm going to put
some toasted sesame seeds on
okay so that's our super tasty Japanese
ramen weenie quick to make tasty and
cheap it's a great dish for midweek if
you want to check out some more easy
quick dinners subscribe to our channel
just follow us that's all subscribe
means by pressing the little button down
below it's free so here we go let's
taste it I think the spoons really the
best way to eat this
mmm I'm pretty class mushrooms are
beautiful but lovely noodley broccoli
loveliness sweetened zingy from the line
plastic all the family I love us mmm
brunette we said simple to make really
really you'll be posing nourishing like
a belly ugh
thanks million for watching